Update GitHub templates (#1297)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: CONTRIBUTING.md

whenever a new release is published to github. 

A new release can published with a tag in github by navigating to the 
[releases page](https://github.com/sqlfluff/sqlfluff/releases) and a Draft release should
already exist with merged Pull Requests automatically added since the last release.

> Copy the changes to the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file and update the

Reviewer: Oh, I misinterpreted the mention of CHANGELOG.md earlier. I thought it was the source, but it's the destination.
```suggestion
Copy the text from the draft release into a new, version-numbered section of the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file and update the
```
